{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33960\viewh14460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Veemix Implementation Instructions\
Version 1.0.2\
https://www.veemix.com\
info@veemix.com\
May 18, 2015\
\
Veemix is easy to implement in just a few steps. Refer to https://www.veemix.com for the most recent version of these instructions.\
 \
\
Setting Up Veemix in a Finished Game\
\
1 Open the scene in which you want to implement Veemix. Import the Veemix asset that you downloaded from the Asset Store.\
\
2 Create two empty game objects in your scene Hierarchy root. Name one vmxSelector and the other vmxEventManager. Add the vmxSelector.cs script to the vmxSelector object in the Inspector. Add the vmxEventManager.cs script to the vmxEventManager game object in the Inspector. Make sure \'91Use Veemix\'92 and \'91Tag Searching\'92 are checked. \'91Gesture toggle\'92 if checked will allow the player to draw a \'91V\'92 shape anywhere onscreen to display the Veemix toolbar. This gesture has the possibility of interfering with existing game interaction methods, and should be used carefully.\
\
3  Select the Player object (built into your game already) in Hierarchy, and add the vmxReceiver.cs script. Drag the vmxEventManager from the project Hierarchy to the \'91Event Manager\'92 field in the Inspector panel.\
\
Setting Up Veemix Events\
\
Veemix Events are created by dropping a Veemix Event prefab into your scene wherever you would like an event to occur. \
\
4  We want to change the parameters for Vmx Event in the Inspector panel: EventID is the incremented number that will be used to store your event in our database to associate it with songs. Usually you would start with event #1 (just input a 1) and the next event would be 2, and so on. The user will not see the event ID. (If you would like to confirm that this component is working correctly in Xcode, the console will print the ID when you encounter a Veemix Event). Give the event a Title, which will show up on the user\'92s screen (only when using the iOS Music library) as the name of the event. You might want a single event for a whole level, or multiple events on a level. The Tag List is the list of keywords that you associate with this Veemix Event. Veemix will use the first 3 keywords when querying the SoundCloud API.\
\
5 Drag the Veemix Event prefab to wherever you want to see a Veemix Event occur: Position the prefab so the player-character can collide with it. Repeat as necessary for the number of Veemix Events you want to add to your game scene. \
\
6 When you're ready to deploy your game, you will need to input your Game ID (register online at https://www.veemix.com for an ID) in the vmxEvent.cs file. Open that file and edit the line: public const int vmxGameID = GameID#; You can also change the y-position of the Veemix GUI in your game by editing the following line in vmxEvent.cs (Default is \'910\'92, or top left of the screen): public const int vmxYCoord = 190; There is also an option to turn off the streaming panel when playing in streaming mode. Simply change the boolean in this line of vmxEvent.cs to \'91false\'92: vmxManager.showStreamPanel(true);\
\
7  Build your project. In the generated Xcode project, be sure to add \'93-ObjC\'94 (without the quotes) to Other Linker Flags in your Xcode project\'92s Build Settings.\
\
Xcode Editing\
\
8 Drag and drop the the folders called \'91veemix\'92 and \'91Images\'92 from /Plugins/iOS/ to the Xcode \'91Classes\'92 folder. These resources must be added manually to the Xcode project. Build your Xcode project and enjoy Veemix! }